User Assigned Identity: add corresponding data source (#3343)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/user_assigned_identity.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azure_user_assigned_identity"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-datasource-user-assigned-identity"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing User Assigned Identity.

---

# Data Source: azurerm_user_assigned_identity

Use this data source to access information about an existing User Assigned Identity.

## Example Usage (reference an existing)

```hcl
data "azurerm_user_assigned_identity" "test" {
  name                = "name_of_user_assigned_identity"
  resource_group_name = "name_of_resource_group"
}

output "uai_client_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_user_assigned_identity.test.client_id}"
}

output "uai_principal_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_user_assigned_identity.test.principal_id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the user assigned identity.

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the resource group.

Reviewer: Could we use wording consistant with the rest of the provider:
```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group in which the User Assigned Identity exists.
```

Author: It depends which resource you use as a reference :) (I think I was looking at virtual machine & virtual network)

> ## Attributes Reference

Reviewer: I think you missed adding location to the documentation?
